#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements/base.in
#
asgiref==3.3.4
    # via django
autopep8==1.5.6
    # via django-silk
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
django-cors-headers==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-debug-toolbar==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-elasticsearch-dsl==7.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-health-check==3.16.4
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-nine==0.2.4
    # via django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
django-silk==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django==3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-filter
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-nine
    #   django-silk
    #   djangorestframework
django_elasticsearch_dsl_drf==0.21
    # via -r requirements/base.in
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
elasticsearch-dsl==7.3.0
    # via
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
elasticsearch==7.12.0
    # via
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
gprof2dot==2021.2.21
    # via django-silk
idna==2.10
    # via requests
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via django-silk
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
psycopg2-binary==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via autopep8
pygments==2.8.1
    # via django-silk
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   django-silk
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
python-dotenv==0.17.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
python-memcached==1.59
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-silk
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-silk
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-memcached
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-silk
toml==0.10.2
    # via autopep8
urllib3==1.26.4
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
